Hello and welcome back to the course on deep learning today we're talking about invoicing out and to
nosing out and coder's is another regularisation technique which is here to combat the problem of when
we have more nodes in the hidden lair than in the input there and therefore the outer encoder can simply
just copy these values across without finding any meaningful features and undergoing the training that
we wanted to undergo.
And so what are we going to do here is we're going to take these input values and we're going to move
them to the left and replace them with something else.
And this something else is a modified version of our input values.
So let's say we have input values X1 sixty three and x 4.
Well what are we going to do is we're going to take these inputs and randomly out of them.
We're going to turn some of them into zeros just like that.
And it's a parameter you can specify in your in the setup of your own code or it can be for instance
half of your inputs that you have are turned into zeros every single time.
And it happens randomly.
So it's every single possible.
It can be different variables.
And then once you put this data through your Ardern quarter which you do in the end is you compare the
output not with the modified values but with the original values.
And that prevents the order encoder from simply just copying those that data or those inputs all the
way through to the outputs because it's actually comparing the output not with the noisy but with the
original inputs.
And that helps combat the problem that we are facing.
And also it's important to note here that because this happens randomly this type of auto encoder is
a sarcastic or encoder.
So basically it depends on this random generation or random selection of which values are going to be
zeroed out and so it just becomes a stochastic type of oughtnt quarter.
So there we go that's how that's how noisy out and coder's work.
Also quite a popular technique you will hear about it and you will come across it if you're going to
delve into the world of out and Connors and in terms of additional reading here is a great paper by
Pascal even sent and others 2008.
It's called extracting and composing robust features with invoicing out and coders exactly as you can
see from the image exactly what we spoke about.
So there we go that's annoying out in coder's and I look forward to seeing you next time.
Until then enjoy learning.